BUGS and Problems
=================

1. Missing Fonts

  A few fonts are missing in Cyrillic so Russian Wikipedia shows a few
  missing characters (the "box" character)

  Korean and Arabic sets are absent from all fonts


2. Restricted search index character set

  The index is restricted to the set [A-Z0-9] and some punctuation
  characters in order to speed up the searching process and reduce the
  size of the index files.  This leads to problems with non-Latin
  letters.

  These are described below:

  a. All accents are stripped i.e. everything that looks like 'A'
     (e.g. "aāáăàȧĀÁĂÀȦ" etc.) is converted an 'A'.

     This uses Python function: unicodedata.normalize('NFD', text)

  b. Japanese is handled as a special case using a two stage
     translation.  stage one uses a dictionary (Currently MeCab)
     translate to Katakana.  stage two is to translate Katakana and
     Hiragana to Romaji.  This is only Activated if language is set to
     "ja".

  c. Chinese is translated character by character to Pinyin. Accent
     stripping causes both 西安 and 先 to convert to "xian" so index
     sort order is not as would be expected.

  d. Korean, Cyrillic, Greek, Coptic... are looked up in the Unicode
     tables provided by Python unicodedata.name() (in Python 2.6 these
     tables are missing some characters)

     e.g.      unicodedata.name(u'서')
     returns: 'HANGUL SYLLABLE SEO'
     therefore 'SEO' will be used to represent the '서' character.

     Notes: for Cyrillic some extra 'H' and 'E' are dropped from the
            name to make typing easier.

            Katakana and Hiragana will get processed by this method
            except when using the Japanese Dictionary - the result
            will not be the same as Romaji.

  e. Ligatures like: "æœĳ" are replaced by "ae", "oe" and "ij"
     respectively

  f. Some special letters are also converted.

     e.g. "ÐðÞþ" (eth and thorn are represented by "eth" and "th")
     (Used in Icelandic)

  g. Anything left over is unchanged and eventually end up being
  dropped.

  When the index is prepared from the string as translated by the
  rules above any character that is not in the limited [A-Z0-9] plus
  punctuation is just dropped.  The sort order is then based on these
  modified strings.  The original string is kept for display so the
  order of the search results can appear out of order.


3. Keyboard

   There is only a basic QWERTY keyboard plus a second numbers +
   punctuation (the index process matches this character subset).
   This make creating other language difficult in this version.
